# Friday, August 23, 2024, 1pm EEST (Romania Time)

## Agenda

- "Teaching Infrastructure" survey
- Integration of OpenEdu to courses in 2024-2025
- Directions for OpenEdu in the near future: builder, vmchecker, tooling
- OpenEdu human resource: Involvement (new members), load, availability, recruiting, financing
- Financing
- OpenEdu papers

## Participants

- Stefan, RăzvanD, RăzvanN, Teo, Alex

## Discussions

### On the Future Course of OpenEdu

RD: People have goals, but don't know how to get there.
We need to implement tooling for teachers to easily deliver on their goals.

RD: Find some common-sense objectives and then figure out the means to get there.
The survey just identifies teachers' needs, what blocks people.
We have the following pyramid: know the objectives, come up with means to the end and then create the tools to put them all together.

RN: We're going in too may directions with this.
We started from wanting to create better materials, but then we created a methodology that few people are interested in, then VMChecker and now we want to transition more courses at our university as well as help others transition theirs.

RD: Yes, the problem here is scaling.
Teachers' problems are difficult to tackle.
On top of this we're figuring out how to convince people.

RN: In particular, teachers don't care about open-source education and we pushed hard on this pedal to no avail.

RD: Hence the flow: tool -> means provided by the tool -> objective.
We believed that people want to contribute.
Teachers don't want this.
They want things to be accessible.

SW: We need to be in alignment about what we want as an organisation.
We do like open-source education, despite the wider community not caring about it.

RN: Yes, but we shouldn't put emphasis on this in papers.
When I presented ours, people were more interested in VMChecker, not in contributing.

RD: For this we first need the pyramid and focus on what's important.
We'll then make a dependency chain between components.
Otherwise we're all over the place.

SW: These discrepancies are due to the fact that we're multiple teams who split along different lines.

RD: It's natural.
To get in alignment we first need to settle upon this pyramid.

RN: We started from what we wanted in particular and then went too fast to implement and come up with wide solutions.
Now we want to implement them everywhere, but is this really needed?
We're behind on using LLMs.
This is the hot topic in education conferences.

RN: The tools were more important and more appreciated by the community.

SW: We need to decide what we want to do: research or internal tooling?

SW: For infrastructure Vlad, Mihai and myself are working on an interactive version of VMChecker.

RN: VMChecker can be the de-facto solution of our university and can look to integrate it with LLMs.

TD: I'm also interested in 2 directions.
One is to transition the OS and HSI courses to the OpenEdu methodology, but this is somewhat mechanical and short-term.
The more interesting direction is along RăzvanN's lines: to get into research on LLMs for education.

SJ: LLMs take time and investment and we don't have it.

RD: There is a lot of hype on LLMs and I'm not sure they are truly worth it.
In addition, I like to focus on what actually solves problems, on making education more efficient.
Research conferences are more of a clique which isn't necessarily connected with the real world.

TD: The thing about research is precisely that you don't know whether something (LLMs in this case) is the correct solution.
You have some intuition that it may work and you verify whether it does or not.
And we do have such hints for LLMs because they are used right now to learn foreign languages for example.
They generate exercises and are excellent talking buddies because they are capable of formulating not very profound but grammatically correct messages and correct you when you make mistakes.
There's definitely huge potential in this area.

RD: There's a lot of inefficiency in how educators are doing their job.
I'm skeptical AI will make things more efficient.
For example, teachers aren't interested in having an open-source repo, but want to have the resources available, which a repository does achieve.

RN: We spend too much time on these philosophical problems, let's look more into the concrete.

RD: Agreed.
And I also agree with Sergiu that we should first focus on our problems first because we know them.
Others' problems are much more difficult to grasp and map.

RD: We can even start from Teo's idea to go from ideas that could work and try them out.

### Open-Source Conference

RD: It will take place on 25-26 September.
We'll deliver two presentations: one for content and another one for tools.

### Survey

RN: What about the survey?

RD: We don't have not enough time.
We can send it either on 2 September, or 15 October.
Otherwise people with be busy with the beginning of school.
Let's go for 2 September.

### Financing

RD: We have plenty of students.
Find ideas: bachelors' projects + grants for larger projects.

### Research

RN: There is an international flow of research. We can choose to be part of it or not.

RD: focus on core issues and make sure we are actually targeting them.

## TODOs and Decisions

- All: feedback for the survey
- RD: come up with the pyramid
- RD: Refine the survey
- All: 2 presentations for the open-source conference
