# Friday, August 23, 2024, 1pm EEST (Romania Time)

## Agenda

- Ideas for actions and projects.

- The survey on educational infrastructure.
Bring feedback to it because we aim to launch it on Monday 2 September 2024.

## Participants

- RăzvanD, RăzvanN, Dan, Teo, Edi, Giorgiana, Andreea, Gabi

## Discussions

### Survey

AS: Leave as few open questions as possible.
Otherwise people will answer in many different ways.

RD: Look at the questions in the draft so we can clarify them if needed.

RN: What sort of feedback are you looking for?
High-school students might be confused by some of the more technical questions such as "general student / trainee / group communication".

RD: It's expected that some of the bullets don't apply to everyone.
Admittedly, the question about "digital tools" might not apply outside our university.

DC: Teachers did interact with digital tools during the pandemic.

RN: But didn't they go back to the old ways afterwards?

RD: Most likely there are remote cases where teachers still use digital tools, but those are the exception

RN: Let's just send it to universities at first and then pass it to schools afterwards.

AS: What is the purpose of this?

RD: We want to find teachers' needs.

AS: How many people are you targeting?

RD: 1-2 thousand

AS: I'm trying to figure out which of the answers will give you hard numerical data on which you can develop further?
You have lots of open-ended questions which are useless for this.
Many of the answers to such questions cannot be put in practice.
Transform the "why" questions to checkboxes wherever possible.
Only make one "others" option.

RD: Now if we get 500 "others" answers, we'll know we messed up.

RN: Let's leave just one field for teachers to fill out freely.

GV: You want to find the teachers' status quo and then you should invite some of them to face-to-face discussions.
They'll be much more valuable than a simple survey.

AS: Split the discussions into 2 parts: one with the experts and another one with the beneficiaries.
This will help you find better solutions from both angles.

RD: So we should specify that we're likely to contact teachers for further discussions.

RN: Don't ask "Which of the above you feel you spend more time on than you should?".
Be specific that you are asking about time spent for things you don't want to spend time on.
Otherwise some might say that they spend too much time because they're perfectionists.

### OpenEdu Objectives

RD: rundown of doc

ES: There are a lot of students.
How to cover all of them?

ES: How to make students to get the maximum out of the materials you provide.

RD: What do we want?
To raise most of the students or to find and pick out some of them that want and are eligible for more?

RD: Yes, delivering content equally is a problem.

ES: I think most of our students can learn what we offer.
What differs is their motivation.

RD: If I deliver my content via pressure, TODO.

ES: Make lots of content, specify what students need to do for each grade, then turn all labs to office hours where students just ask questions.

RN: What we need are lots of exercises so students can say they want to study a certain subject and then ask for exercises related to that which also provide interactive feedback when students make mistakes.

ES: We have very few metrics on which to quantify which students did what exercises.
We want to add more exercises without knowing where they are lacking.
Let's automate attempts vs successes.

RD: To reword, the problem is we don't track students' progress live during labs.

RN: Further, we don't know how much of the whole subject a certain student has learnt.

RD: This is much harder.

ES: When we gave up on grading labs manually, we intended to check labs automatically.
We didn't do this.

RN: The solutions exist, they may not be easy to implement, though.

ES: What if we turn every 3rd lab into office hours.

GV: It's very difficult to implement office hours.
They might be useful outside of lab hours.

RD: Let's not do that now.
What we want so far is to monitor students' progress in real time.

TD: Moodle offers this via a progress bar.
Upon submitting anything or answering any test / quiz, the progress bar would move further.

RD: We want to couple this with evaluation.
Grade an activity and move the progress bar based on this.

RD: Let's apply this to labs at first.
A student must submit each exercise, it is then automatically evaluated and feedback sent to the student.
Teachers collect this information to display each student's progress through the course work throughout the semester.

## TODOs and Decisions

- All: feedback for the survey

- All: feedback for tracking students' progress
