# Thursday, August 10, 2023, 11:00am Ro

## Agenda

* Discuss methodology PRs

## Participants

RăzvanD, Ștefan, Teo, Mihai, Vlad, Sergiu, Gabi, Adrian

## Discussions

RD: I removed the `chapers/` folder in the OS repository to remove the clutter.
I propose to add each chapter directly in the `content/` folder.
My intention was just to group the chapters together.
Should I rename it to `chapters/`?

GM: `chapters/` makes much more sense as that is what the folder contains.

TD: Let's not get stuck on semantics over a single word.

RD: Next week I'll take care of the OS PR's with Teo.

SW: I need to start the infrastructure part from scratch following last week's discussion.

RD: Keep in mind that the methodology aims to describe the steps and the mindset to be followed by someone intending to create content.
It should explain how to store, develop and deploy the materials.
Their usage is different and is up to each teacher.

GM: I cannot modify and move the SSS repos until the publisher doesn't support the 3-repo paradigm.
Otherwise, I have no means of testing if my changes are sound.

SW: There is no publisher.
There is just a builder + a deployment infrastructure.

GM: OK, but dies the builder respect the structure I mentioned earlier?

SW + RD: All that matters it the `config.yml` file.
It can publish content according to any structure described in it.

## TODOs and Decisions

All: Have all methodology PRs merged by Tuesday, August 15.

All: Next Thursday we will sync again to align the content between ourselves and polish our wordings.

RD: Will work more on the OS restructuring today.

RD + TD: Starting on Tuesday, work on merging the remaining OS PRs.

GM: Make a `config.yml` draft for SSS si test what happens when you run the builder.
There may be mismatches that we can then fix.
