# Thursday, July 20, 2023, 10:00am Ro

## Agenda

* Discuss methodology PRs

## Participants

RăzvanD, RăzvanN, Ștefan, Teo, Mihai, Vlad, Sergiu

## Discussions

RD: Regarding our methodology PRs, I structured mine (about lectures) such that it contains sections on the goals of lectures as well as metrics for these goals.
I think we should have a similar structure for all components.

RN: That would have us spreading ourselves too thin.
We want these PRs to add guides by which other trainers or students can pick up our materials and teach / learn them.

RD: I agree, let's not focus on the deliverables now.

RN: It's OK to discuss principles such as having interactive lectures, but make sure they are applied as actionable guides.

RD: We'll require some forms of evaluation to include in our future paper on methodology.

RN: I know, but let's have the guides merged first and then decide how to decide upon the evaluation.

TD: Still, we should settle upon a generic skeleton for a given component because each of us has followed their own path.

RN: I'll handle the structure of each component when I review your PRs.
Let's make them as succinct and as clear as possible for whoever wants to use them.

RN: Don't go into technical aspects when writing about the methodology.
These go into the part on infrastructure.

RN: I'll review your work now and I want to have the methodology structure ready by Monday.
After this, I wish to have all PRs on methodology and infrastructure merged and all the content in place by the middle of August.
The deadline for submitting the paper is September 30, so this will give us about 1.5 months to work on the paper.
This schedule is feasible, but kind of tight.

RN: Another topic is that now our quizzes are static: students simply see a plain Markdown page on Docusaurus.

RD: Let's postpone this and focus entirely on methodology instead.
We'll split ourselves thin if we think about quizzes now.

RD: I have arranged most things for M4: I have booked the rooms, invited participants etc.

RN: What about the Security Summer School?

RD: We'll migrate it under OpenEdu in August after it ends.

## TODOs and Decisions

All: methodology PRs
