# February, April 28, 2023 - 9:00am EEST

## Agenda

* Roadmap for after the project has ended, including new financing.

* The methodology PR [has stalled](https://github.com/open-education-hub/methodology/pull/2).

* Presentation slides are borderline useless.
A systems course should be interactive, demonstrative with diagrams build live on the black/white board.

* Add quizzes organically into the content.
Ease the insertion and generation of questions from templates.

* Vision on how to organise repos under the OpenEdu umbrella, the vetting process and maintainers.

## Participants

RăzvanD, Sergiu, Teo, RăzvanN, Liza, Vlad, Mihai

## Discussions

### Repository Organisation

RD: For Operating Systems we have 2 repos: one is public and contains all teaching materials and the other is private and contains assignment solutions.
No forks.
There should be one main repo and any other user should have their own repos that shall only contain diffs between their material and the central repo.
We would store administrative stuff in the UPB repo and the teaching materials should remain in the main one inside OpenEdu.

SW: Why no forks?
You just need to rebase.

RD: The repos are hard to manage.
Contributors make PRs into the OpenEdu repo.
Maintainers update administrative information (rarely) via PRs into the organisation's diff repo.

SW: Why don't students make PRs into the UPB repo and we make a checkpoint at the beginning of each semester where we update the OpenEdu repo?

RD: How do you handle authorship?
What if someone makes a commit in which they modify both administrative and teaching materials?
This is impossible to handle properly.

SW: We can add a step to the builder in which the script "merges" the 2 repos.

SW: How many repos will there be?

RD: 2.
The assignments are also content.

VN: If the OpenEdu repo is to store materials exhaustively, then the config for the builder (that specifies which portions to render) should be placed in the teachers' repo so they can select what they want.

RD: Yes, we currently have this config in the OpenEdu repo.

SW: The course shall be published under the `cs.pub.ro` name.

RD: The high-level OpenEdu website (<https://open-education-hub.github.io/>) should contain an index of all our courses.
Furthermore, each course on OpenEdu should contain an index of all its variants (as taught by various teachers, such as `cs.pub.ro`).

### Access to our Materials and SmileyCoins for other Trainers

RD: How do we handle SMLY for other users / teachers?

RN: If other institutions want to award SMLY, then we'll talk to them and decide whether the award them this right.
This involves some vetting from our side.
We are the central authority and we decide who gets to award SMLY.

RD: I'm OK with this.
How do we certify new teachers to publish their content under OpenEdu.
We need a checklist:

- buildable

- all linters pass successfully

- etc.

VN: What have you decided regarding quizzes?

### Quizzes Available on `github.io`

RD: We need to be able to create quizzes dynamically via a simple trigger (like a button).

RN: What's the purpose of this?
Who's going to be the publisher?

RD: If I am a student, I want to be able to take a quiz at any time.
I don't care how it's generated.
The implementation is irrelevant.
The output format may be anything: Moodle, text, Markdown, whatever.
The quiz generation engine should retrieve questions from the quiz database according to given tags / chapters and then output a complete quiz.

RN: This looks like a search engine to me.
We need to query the database by keywords, which may differ, but be similar so we need to match similar keywords etc.

RD: Yes, I agree.
This is a long-term requirement for 2-3 years in the future.

RN: The Markdown format we're currently using fits your request.
Let's focus on what's immediately important: having interactive quizzes inside our labs on `github.io`.
The second priority is to design a parser that translates from Markdown to the `github.io` format.
The third step is going to be updating the parser to output quizzes formatted for Moodle.

RD: Moodle is a difficult beast to tame.
We'll focus on integrating quizzes into `github.io` for now.

VN: The builder for `github.io` is almost ready.
I need to make a few finishing touches.

SW: We have partially automated the generation of quizzes for the Introduction to Operating Systems class.
However, you need to add each random question individually.
Otherwise we would have had to hook into Moodle's infrastructure, which is disgusting.

### Extending SmileyCoin Awards

RN: We've decided to award SMLY for course progress as well, not just for PRs.
The truth is that very few people make contributions and create content.

SW: The content is static.
We can't do this.
GitHub Pages doesn't support dynamic content.

TD: What about including some JavaScript code that does this?

SW: That code will have to communicate to a server, which will be openly accessible from the web.

### TODOs and Decisions

VN: Finish embedding quizzes into the rendered website.

SW/VN: Update the builder to take both the teaching and the administration repositories as input.

SW/VN: Update the template repo to use the 2-repo schema discussed [above](#repository-organisation).

RD/RN/TD: Update the Operating Systems repo to use the 2-repo schema discussed [above](#repository-organisation).
