# Wednesday, March 8, 2023, 11:30am Ro

## Agenda

* Intermediary reporting (Razvan, Gunnar)
* CCAS deployment (Razvan, Eggert, Teo)
* SmileyCoin integration (Sergiu)
* Quiz / Tutorweb integration (Razvan, TODO - person)
* M2 (Gunnar)
* M3 (RazvanN)

## Participants

RăzvanD, Eggert, Sergiu, Teo, RăzvanN

## Discussions

### Intermediary Reporting

RD: I'm taking care of that.
There are quite a bunch of documents that we need to handle.

### CCAS Deployment

RD: I'm working with scripts to post-process the contents.

RD: There are contents using quotations.

EK: It was the only way that I could highlight definitions, examples.

SW/RD: We could use Docusaurus admonitions: https://docusaurus.io/docs/next/markdown-features/admonitions

RN: We could use a parser for Markdown contents.
My concern is that we are adding new tools to a simple format, and it will become difficult for people to use it.

RD: It's a concern that we should handle.
For now, let's have this working and then we can think of areas where we can simplify.

### SmileyCoin Integration (Sergiu)

SW: No updates on the SmileyCoins.

### M2

There were 5 people.

EK: Questions about TutorWeb and what we are doing.

### M3

The event will take place on Thursday, March 16, 2023, 10am EET.

We have feedback forms sent out.

RN to take care of announcing it.

TD has merged the event description PR.

### Lecture Presentation Slides

TD: Somehow mark the slides that we want to use as presentation slides and extract them from there.

## TODOs and Decisions

GS: Provide a summary of the M2 event

RN: Advertise M3 event.

RD/TD: Push CCAS content to be available on Open Education Hub: https://github.com/open-education-hub/
