# Friday, June 2, 2023, 9:30am Ro

## Agenda

## Participants

RăzvanD, Teo, Alex, Gabi, Sergiu, Liza, Mihai

## Discussions

### Using Class Registers on Moodle

RD: Moodle allows for far more statistics than Google Sheets, and they come out-of-the-box.
For example we can make comparisons between semesters, or between subjects for the same students.
I suggest we use Moodle for class registers from now on.

SW: We're already doing that for the Operating Systems 2 class.
The issue is that Moodle allows one teacher to overwrite the grades given by another one by mistake because it relies on uploading XLS files.
It wasn't a problem for the Operating Systems 2 class, because the teaching team is small.
For larger teams however, we may come up with a patch for Moodle if need be.

RD: We'll assign Alex to this.

### Security Summer School

GM: How will content be organised, so I know what to start working on?

RD: Let's use 3 repositories:
* one will be the upstream, hosted within the OpenEdu organisation
* another one is a fork of the upstream in each teacher's organisation.
For Security Summer School, this fork will reside in [the GitHub organisation](https://github.com/security-summer-school/), where all repos are currently stored.
This repo will contain diffs that tweak the upstream content according to each teacher.
* a third repo will contain internal administrative content that are specific to each course, such as deadlines, links to class registers, etc.

RD: This way, students will use each organisation's repositories and make contributions there instead of the upstream content.
This turns upstream repos into demos that showcase the full content regarding a particular subject.
Teachers should then fork these repos and adapt them to their needs.

SW: Why use 3 repositories?
Why don't we store administrative content in the fork of the upstream repo?

RD: We want to keep them separate because students are expected to contribute to the fork, while other data may be cumbersome.
In addition, they are only supposed to be modified rarely by the teaching team, not by students.

TD: The same question as Sergiu, but why do we need the fork?
To me, this would make the upstream repo look dead: no issues, 1 large PR each year, so few contributions overall.
This is not an attractive repo that people would want to use.

RD: From an OpenEdu perspective, this is irrelevant.
It's up to each course to figure out how and when it wants to push changes upstream.

SW: This is part of each course's internal methodology and it makes it easier for OpenEdu members to review changes.

GM: How will the builder account for these 3 repos.
Will they reference each other as submodules, links or something?

RD: We don't want to use submodules because they are difficult to manage.
The builder may simply clone all 3 repos separately if need be.

RD: This issue is still up for discussion.

### Structure

SW: The structure we're using now for Operating Systems seems fine to me.

RD: What about demos?
They may belong to both lectures and labs.
It would be better to remove the hard split between lectures and demos.

SW: We're just trying to find edge cases at this point.

## TODOs and Decisions

GM: Create structure for SSS repos

AA: Get the data extracted by Razvan from Moodle for various instances of the Operating Systems class and draw statistics from them.
Focus on getting something working first.
