# Brainstoming Meeting, June 15, 2022

- Time: 3pm EEST
- Location: UPB, PRECIS Building, room PR706

## Participants

- Răzvan Nițu
- Liza Babu
- Teo Duțu
- Răzvan Deaconescu
- Irina Mocanu
- Iuliu Vasilescu
- Matei Popovici
- Cătălin Leordeanu
- Cristian Trancă
- Mihai Nan
- Vlad Bădoiu
- Mihai Dumitru
- Alexandru Olteanu
- Silviu Pantelimon

## Agenda

* OpenEdu presentation
* Discussion regarding education and modern tools
* Braistorming & mingling

## Discussions

IV: I'm using Moodle to generate quiz questions. I would benefit from having placeholders to add custom / personalized formulas.
Idea: Use placeholders potentially backed by programs that provide options (both in question and in answer statements). This would also work on diagrams (such as electrical designs).

OpenEdu: Goal is to create high quality repositories. Each teacher would clone and configure their repository. We aim to have a configuration file + an easy to use interface (a "button") that does everything and you end up with a infrastructure + content deployed setup.
Another goal is to automate as much as possible the teaching process: content deployment, assignment deployment, evaluation, quiz generation / management.

OpenEdu: We want to use a combination of Markdown, GitHub, GitLab, Docker containers to provide the necessary infrastructure for storing / developing high quality content and automating processes.
We envision a situation where, as part of a lab, you grab a Dockerfile and run a command and have the setup deployed locally, together with checker scripts to validate locally and be able to push (using Git) the solutions for remote check and awards.

OpenEdu: We are developing a new vmchecker, that would be stable, scalable and easy to use. It has had a PoC deployment at IOCLA. It will allow local validation and submission via Git / GitLab and via Moodle. Its backend is based on GitLab CI + containers.

OpenEdu: A GitHub organization would host the content, a repository for each class.

IM: It would help to have references to other class repositories in the organization.

MP: Automate code quality checking.
MP: Grading takes time. Copying grades and formulas from one place to the other.
MP: It's easier to create questions in Google Forms than on Moodle.

Idea: Integrate code quality checking tools in vmchecker.
Idea: Automate grading collection, make it easy to collect grades and results.

MD: It would be ideal for students to review themselves.
OpenEdu: We tried that but you still have to review the reviewers, and this takes time.

MD: There should be an automated plagiarism check integrated with vmchecker.
OpenEdu: This is already considered in the new vmchecker.

OpenEdu: After consideration, the best way is to have all the content public. That makes it easy to manage and get updates. It's going to be the responsibility of the teacher to either have some private evaluation items, or to enforce an evaluation environment / format where access to the public content is disabled or useless.

CL: It would be great to have a program to generate exam topics.
OpenEdu: This is similar to IV's proposal. Indeed, we can have templates to generate diverse questions / topics.
Question generation, quiz deployment, evaluation, grade collection should be automated.

OpenEdu: The teacher should be relieved of content development (high quality content should be already available). And as many mundane, repetitive chores should be automated.
Teacher focus should be on creative tasks such as question templates, student mentoring, deep discussions, deep reviews. Everything else should be already available and automated.

## Decisions and Tasks

OpenEdu: Schedule a new discussion in September, once progress has been made on preparing the infrastructure and developig content.
